Moving docs from beta to v1.0 for Terms of Use API's (#11642)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/agreementfileversion.md

---
title: "agreementFileVersion resource type"

> description: "Represents a customized version of the localized policy files of terms of use agreement in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). It contains metadata about the agreement file (for example, the name, the language, and whether it is the default file)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents a customized version of the localized policy files of terms of use agreement in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)."
```

localization_priority: Normal
doc_type: resourcePageType

> ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.prod: "governance"
```

author: rajadineshmurugesan-microsoft
---

# agreementFileVersion resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Represents a customized version of terms of use agreement file that a tenant manages with Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). It contains metadata about the agreement file (for example, the name, the language, and whether it is the default file).

> <!--

Reviewer: Remove the section if it isnt needd.

| Method       | Return Type | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
| [Create agreementFileLocalization](../api/agreementfilelocalization-post-agreementfilelocalizations.md) | [agreementfilelocalization](agreementfilelocalization.md) | Create a new agreementFileLocalization. |
| [List agreementFileLocalizations](../api/agreementfilelocalization-list.md) | [agreementfilelocalization](agreementfilelocalization.md) collection | Get an agreementFileLocalization object collection. |
| [Get agreementFileLocalization](../api/agreementfilelocalization-get.md) | [agreementfilelocalization](agreementfilelocalization.md) | Read properties and relationships of an agreementFileLocalization object. |
| [List agreementFileVersions](../api/agreementfileversion-list.md) | [agreementfileversion](agreementfileversion.md) collection | Get an agreementFileVersion object collection. |
| [Get agreementFileVersion](../api/agreementfileversion-get.md) | [agreementfileversion](agreementfileversion.md) | Read properties and relationships of an agreementFileVersion object. |
-->

## Properties
| Property     | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|

> |fileData|[agreementFileData](agreementfiledata.md)|Data representing the terms of use PDF document. Read-only.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|fileData|[agreementFileData](agreementfiledata.md)|Data that represents the terms of use PDF document. Read-only.|
```

|fileName|String|Name of the agreement file (for example, TOU.pdf). Read-only.|

> |id|String|Read-only.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|id|String|The identifier of the agreementFileVersion object. Read-only.|
```

> |isDefault|Boolean|Indicates whether this is the default agreement file if none of the cultures matches the client preference. If none of the files are marked as default, the first one will be treated as the default. Read-only.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|isDefault|Boolean| If none of the languages matches the client preference, indicates whether this is the default agreement file . If none of the files are marked as default, the first one is treated as the default. Read-only.|
```

> |language|String|Culture of the agreement file in the format languagecode2-country/regioncode2. languagecode2 is a lowercase two-letter code derived from ISO 639-1. country/regioncode2 is derived from ISO 3166 and usually consists of two uppercase letters, or a BCP-47 language tag (for example, en-US). Read-only.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|language|String|The language of the agreement file in the format languagecode2-country/regioncode2. languagecode2 is a lowercase two-letter code derived from ISO 639-1. country/regioncode2 is derived from ISO 3166 and usually consists of two uppercase letters, or a BCP-47 language tag (for example, en-US). Read-only.|
```

|isMajorVersion|Boolean|Indicates whether the agreement file is a major version update. Major version updates invalidate the agreement's acceptances on the corresponding language. |
|createdDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date time representing when the file was created.The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 would look like this: '2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'.|

> <!--

Reviewer: Remove the section if it isn't needed.
